ESCAPE THROUGH TIME.

Time traveler mercenaries:

8 mercenaries step into the time travel devices from different parts of the world. (small houses themed arround the character. (OPTIONAL:modular, referenced to character picked.)

to signify the player is on there own, or who they are partied with.


this starts the countdown when all players ready up (step into time booth)

Trigger short FX cutscene of time warp true for all players)

trigger is bypassed after 2 minutes and game starts on its own.

when countdown ends, player is playable character holding a gun (based on class level and loadouts)
Player now exists in there respectible lane or starting position.

(first person or third person view available)

sound/voice actors will tell you status updates of what happens in game through your characters radio such as, who has the artifact at the moment.












Artifact : reason why you are in the game. 
you are time travelers hunting for artifacts in different worlds.
at the end of the game, it should feel like ODDBALL gametype.





hud display should show: 
Health % total and number in a bar.(bottom left)
ammo
small icons of what perks are enabled, flash and fade out when effect is triggered or solid when constant(over health bar)
players killed : how:Grenade (player callsign)
on screen points gained floating text above zombies (toggleable for player)
-Points total score keeper-
minimap?


Trigger: voice chat proximity, you can only hear players when they are 40 feet from you or less.






 


FFA gameplay, 2v2v2v2, 4v4  20-30 minutes

game mods: 
Hardcore mode, if you die, your dead.


shooter

zombies:type 1
gives points per bullet hit 50, double points for headshots. 

always walk toward player, when hit, run x3 as fast as walk.

cannot climb, or jump.

attack within proximity, attack follows through once started.







if you die, you can pick up your loot, if another player hasent already. if you die again, it gets lost forever.(dark souls reference)

escape the city while getting to checkpoints, find the artifact! careful! players can kill you!: goal

stores have 1 weapon that does not randomize, and it has 2 others that do randomize. 

crates: refill ammo (always), and can have random weapons or nothing.

special zombies drop random perks when zombies die.

level based matchmaking: perk selection outside the game, 

PREGAME

up to level 30, has 8 perks to choose from, allowed 3 total.



(Optionals)


Choose 3 total for loadout.


bullet upgrades:


all bullet upgrades for each carried weapon, override previous upgrades.


incindiary rounds (50% additional damage over 4 secconds for all guns)


hollow points  ( 50% increased damage with headshot, 50% slow for any hit.)


full metal jacket (50% chance to peirce, deals 50% increased damage to subsequent targets)


explosive ordenance (normal damage, deals 100% additional damage delayed by 1 seccond, AOE effect 4 foot radius of full bullet damage. deals damage to self if too close.


(Optionals)

Player STACKABLES upgrades: (balancing) stacked by killing zombies

Track star: increase movement speed by 2%. stackable up to 25 times.
points per stack.

Hand eye coordination: increases reload speed 5%. stackable up to 15 times.
points per stack.

natural resialiance: increases health by 5% per stack, may be stacked 25 times.
points per stack.

Gymnastics: increases jump height and jump distance by 1% per stack. may be stacked 20 times.
points per stack.

Hand to hand specialist: increases mele distance and speed by 2% per stack. may be stacked 25 times. base at 3 foot range, .3 seccond to hit, 1.6 secconds to recover. ( OPTIONAL MECHANIC )
points per stack.

Sharpshooter: bullet fallof damage negated until max range.
points. (one time purchase)

))))






































 




















